# Video-to-Text-Summary-with-different-languages

In recent years, many videos have increased exponentially in popularity online. Research in video summarization has gained increasing attention, which has led to various approaches proposed for large-scale video browsing. This research offers an autonomous video summarising system based on natural language processing (NLP). The demand for good summarising algorithms to summarise diverse videos has increased as the number of online videos on video repository sites such as YouTube, Instagram, and others has increased. Key frames from the video feed must be selected and captioned so that they can be transcribed into text. Our work proposes methods to mainly focus on extracting the audio from the video and then converting into text using Deep Search Package, which will help to save the audio into .wav format (Extension of audio file) and then using that .wav format converting into the text. After getting the text we will convert it into a summary using Natural language processing with the help of tokenization and scoring the word with its importance according to the sentences, by keeping into the dictionary format and after applying all this method we could get the summary. And after getting the summary user could also convert into its understandable languages for example, from English language to Hindi, Arabic, German and more.
It accepts a YouTube video link as input and calculates the user's needed summary. After successful processing, a summarised video output is generated and displayed as output. They could convert into different languages, which makes user easy to understand if the user is not good with English 
So instead of watching a full video we can save our time by reading the important content from the video. Also, we can refer to it for later consideration. Which will save time and help to store the data for later insights. And also, in their preferred languages. Which help the users who are not good in English or not having knowledge in English could convert it into their languages.  Which helps them to watch and get information on whatever topic they want without the language barriers. 
